c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\MSExchangeClient.App.exe
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\MSExchangeClient.App.pdb
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.dll
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.UnityExtensions.dll
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.xml
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.xml
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.UnityExtensions.xml
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.pdb
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\Shell\ShellView.baml
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\Shell\ShellView.g.cs
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\MSExchangeClient.App_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\MSExchangeClient.App.g.resources
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\MSExchangeClient.App.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\MSExchangeClient.App.exe
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\MSExchangeClient.App.pdb
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail.dll
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail.pdb
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.pdb
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.pdb
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.UnityExtensions.pdb
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
C:\Users\Andrey_Kukalev\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.dll
C:\Users\Andrey_Kukalev\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.xml
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\MSExchangeClient.App.exe
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\MSExchangeClient.App.pdb
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\MSExchangeClient.App.exe
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\MSExchangeClient.App.pdb
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.dll
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail.dll
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail.pdb
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.pdb
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.xml
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.pdb
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.xml
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.UnityExtensions.pdb
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.UnityExtensions.xml
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.pdb
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.pdb
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.xml
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\Shell\ShellView.baml
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\Shell\ShellView.g.cs
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\MSExchangeClient.App_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\MSExchangeClient.App.g.resources
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\MSExchangeClient.App.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\MSExchangeClient.App.exe
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\MSExchangeClient.App.pdb
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\Shell\ShellView.baml
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\Shell\ShellView.g.cs
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\MSExchangeClient.App_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\MSExchangeClient.App.g.resources
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\MSExchangeClient.App.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\MSExchangeClient.App.exe
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\MSExchangeClient.App.pdb
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.dll
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.UnityExtensions.dll
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.dll
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail.dll
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail.pdb
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.UnityExtensions.pdb
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.UnityExtensions.xml
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.pdb
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.xml
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.xml
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Infrastructure.dll
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Infrastructure.pdb
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Core.dll
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Core.pdb
D:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\RibbonControlsLibrary.dll
D:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.dll
D:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\RibbonControlsLibrary.pdb
D:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\RibbonControlsLibrary.xml
D:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.pdb
D:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.App\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.xml
