c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail.dll
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail.pdb
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.pdb
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\obj\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail.dll
c:\users\andrey_kukalev\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\obj\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail.pdb
C:\Users\Andrey_Kukalev\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.dll
C:\Users\Andrey_Kukalev\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Andrey_Kukalev\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.UnityExtensions.dll
C:\Users\Andrey_Kukalev\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Andrey_Kukalev\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.pdb
C:\Users\Andrey_Kukalev\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.xml
C:\Users\Andrey_Kukalev\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.pdb
C:\Users\Andrey_Kukalev\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.xml
C:\Users\Andrey_Kukalev\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.UnityExtensions.pdb
C:\Users\Andrey_Kukalev\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.UnityExtensions.xml
C:\Users\Andrey_Kukalev\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail.dll
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail.pdb
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.pdb
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.xml
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.pdb
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.xml
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.UnityExtensions.pdb
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.UnityExtensions.xml
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.pdb
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\obj\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail.dll
D:\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\obj\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail.pdb
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\obj\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail.pdb
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail.dll
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail.pdb
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.dll
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.pdb
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.xml
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\obj\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail.dll
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\obj\Debug\Views\MailContent\MailContentView.baml
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\obj\Debug\Views\MailContent\MailContentView.g.cs
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\obj\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\obj\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail.g.resources
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\obj\Debug\Dialogs\SendMessage\SendMessageView.baml
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\obj\Debug\Views\NavigationPane\NavigationPaneView.baml
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\obj\Debug\Dialogs\SendMessage\SendMessageView.g.cs
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\obj\Debug\Views\NavigationPane\NavigationPaneView.g.cs
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Infrastructure.dll
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Infrastructure.pdb
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Core.dll
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Core.pdb
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
d:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
D:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\obj\Debug\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\obj\Debug\Views\MailList\MailListView.baml
D:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\obj\Debug\Views\MailList\MailListView.g.cs
D:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
D:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.dll
D:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
D:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.xml
D:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\obj\Debug\Views\Main\MailMainView.g.cs
D:\Диплом\MSExchangeClient\MSExchangeClient.Modules.Mail\obj\Debug\Views\Main\MailMainView.baml
